# About YoWiki
YoWiki is an open-source, cross-platform mobile app that allows users to download Wikipedia articles and read them offline. Users can maintain a personal Wikipedia library of any size with articles and topics of their choosing. It comes packed with various features to facilitate learning everywhere and at every time whether there is a connection to the internet or not. 

## Primary Features
1. __Download Wikipedia Articles__: With YoWiki you can download wikipedia articles in two different ways. Either you can search for and find individual articles and download them, or download articles in bulk. Bulk downloads work by downloading all the results returned from a particular search. This means that you can maintain a personal Wikipedia library with only articles related to topics you are interested in.
2. __Random Article Picker__: There are many times when you want to learn something new, but simply do not know what topic to pick or where to start. YoWiki has a feature to pick a random article from your local library for you to read and learn about. This pushes you to read more of the articles in your local library.
3. __Beautiful Articles__: The articles from your local library are displayed as HTML files with the supporting common css for wikipedia articles. This means that your local Wikipedia articles will look and act similar to the same articles you would read online, though usually without images. Unlike some other offline wikipedia clients, YoWiki displays the articles with the mobile formatting, so each article look perfect on your screen.
4. __Inter-Library Linking__: When reading an article on Wikipedia you may select links that are within the article to learn more about topics presented in the article you are reading. These links will take you to other Wikipedia pages. When you click a link in YoWiki the app will check if you have the article for that link in your local library and pull it up if you do. You can also chose to have YoWiki try to automatically download the article of the link you click and add it to your library. This feature allows you to seamlessly dive deeper into any subject.